Ah, the emperor had his family to accompany him yesterday
Why do you still have time to come to me today?
I had an overnight document yesterday just to accompany him
Until we figure out what he's picturing
I won't do anything
That's it.
Can you do whatever you want?
Aifei
I didn't mean that.
Concubine is just saying
Why is the emperor still in a hurry?
I swear
I only treat him to repay the kindness of that year
No other idea
Well, the concubine is just joking with you
Why did the emperor take it seriously?
I thought about it all night yesterday
Now Miss Yao has a name in the palace
I have repaid the kindness of that year
It's time to learn from the past
This is the only thing he left behind from that year
I'll burn him in front of you, etc.
Why is this handkerchief on you?
Are you the general in white?